NCI THESAURUS Terms of Use


NCI THESAURUS TM is a registered trademark of the National Cancer Institute.

Permission is hereby granted in perpetuity, without payment of license fees
or royalties, to use, copy, or distribute the NCI THESAURUS TM ontology, NCI
THESAURUS TM Users' Guide, and the NCI THESAURUS TM database for any
commercial or non-commercial purpose, subject to the following terms and
conditions:

1) To further the purpose of the NCI THESAURUS ontology and NCI THESAURUS
database of providing a ontology and taxonomy specialized for modeling
concepts relevant to cancer science, treatment and prevention, the only
source of  the NCI THESAURUS Users' Guide, the NCI THESAURUS ontology, its
codes, and/or the NCI THESAURUS database shall be the National Cancer
Institute.

2) Users may freely modify the content of the NCI THESAURUS ontology,
database or documentation.  However any such modified content may not be
identified or represented as being the NCI Thesaurus ontology, database or
documentation, or part of the NCI Thesaurus ontology, database or
documentation. Users are prohibited from using the NCI THESAURUS trademarks
in conjunction with such modified content or work derived from the NCI
THESAURUS, except to provide acknowledgement that the content was derived
from the NCI THESAURUS.

3) NCI THESAURUS concept names, concept codes and other information from
the NCI THESAURUS ontology and database may be used in tagging records in
users� databases and electronic messages, without the need to include any
NCI THESAURUS License.  When the NCI THESAURUS concept identifier is used
in tagging records in users� databases and electronic messages, users are
encouraged, but not required, to include the corresponding NCI THESAURUS
Preferred Name (from the Preferred_Name attribute) if the database or
message provides a place for a text name representation of the code.

4) Users may make and distribute an unlimited number of copies of the
unmodified NCI THESAURUS database. Each copy of the unmodified NCI
THESAURUS database must include this NCI THESAURUS License, and must
include the version number of the database. This NCI THESAURUS License must
appear on every printed copy of the NCI THESAURUS database. Where the NCI
THESAURUS database is distributed on a fixed storage medium (such as
DVD-ROM or CD-ROM), a printed copy of this NCI THESAURUS License must be
included on or with the storage medium, and a text file containing this
information also must be stored on the storage medium in a file called
"NCI_THESAURUS_license.txt". Where the NCI THESAURUS database is
distributed via the Internet, this NCI THESAURUS License must be accessible
on the same Internet page from which the NCI THESAURUS database is
available for download.

5) Users may incorporate in toto the NCI THESAURUS database into another
ontology or vocabulary database or software program.

Every copy of the NCI THESAURUS database incorporated into or distributed
in conjunction with another database or software program must include the
following notice:

"This product includes the NCI THESAURUS TM database, or is derived from the
NCI THESAURUS TM database, subject to a license from the National Cancer
Institute. Your use of the NCI THESAURUS database and NCI THESAURUS
ontology also is subject to this license, a copy of which is available at
ftp://ftp1.nci.nih.gov/pub/cacore/EVS/NCI_THESAURUS_license.txt. The
current complete NCI THESAURUS database and Users' Guide are available for
download at ftp://ftp1.nci.nih.gov/pub/cacore/EVS. The NCI THESAURUS
DATABASE IS PROVIDED "AS IS." ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE
DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NCI THESAURUS TM is a
registered trademark of the National Cancer Institute."

If the NCI THESAURUS database or software program containing the NCI
THESAURUS database is distributed with a printed license, this statement
must appear in the printed license. Where the NCI THESAURUS database or
software program containing the NCI THESAURUS database is distributed on a
fixed storage medium, a text file containing this information also must be
stored on the storage medium in a file called
"NCI_THESAURUS_short_license.txt". Where the NCI THESAURUS or software
program containing the NCI THESAURUS database is distributed via the
Internet, this information must be accessible on the same Internet page
from which the product is available for download.

6) Use and distribution of the NCI THESAURUS concept codes and NCI
THESAURUS database in ways that are not specifically discussed herein shall
be accompanied by the notice provided in Section 6 hereof. The guidelines
for providing the notice that are contained in the last paragraph of
Section 6 also shall apply. If a user has a question about whether a
particular use of the NCI THESAURUS ontology and/or the NCI THESAURUS
database is permissible, the user is invited to contact the National Cancer
Institute by e-mail at ncievs.project@mail.nih.gov.

7) The names "National Cancer Institute", "NCI" and "NCI Thesaurus" may not
be used in a way that could be interpreted as an endorsement or a promotion
of any product or service without prior written permission of the National
Cancer Institute. To request written permission; please contact the
National Cancer Institute by e-mail at ncievs.project@mail.nih.gov.

DISCLAIMER: THE NATIONAL CANCER INSITUTE DOES NOT ACCEPT LIABILITY FOR ANY
OMISSIONS OR ERRORS IN THE NCI THESAURUS, NCI THESAURUS USERS' GUIDE OR THE
NCI THESAURUS DATABASE. THE NCI THESAURUS, NCI THESAURUS USERS' GUIDE AND
NCI THESAURUS DATABASE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE OR
CONTRIBUTORS TO THE NCI THESAURUS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY
OF LIABILITY WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF NCI THESAURUS
USERS' GUIDE OR THE NCI THESAURUS DATABASE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

